README.md, before:

# Fit Network
An app that connects all the fitness world. User is able to post trainings and all his fitness routine with descriptions and images!

![training image](assets/images/image.png)

### Techs
This app was made using the below technologies:

![firestore](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firestore-red.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=white)
![Typescript](https://img.shields.io/badge/Typescript-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![react](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=white)
![Expo](https://img.shields.io/badge/expo-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=expo&logoColor=white)

### How to start
You can start the app by running:
```sh
npm run start

# or, if you want to emulate it

npm run android # android
npm run ios # iphone
```

> [!WARNING]  
> This project actually uses Expo v52, be careful to use a version of the Expo app that is compatible.

#### Contributors
<a href="https://github.com/DouglasLiebl/fit_network/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=DouglasLiebl/fit_network" />
</a>
<p>
  
  [Douglas Liebl](github.com/DouglasLiebl) | [Bruno Polaski](github.com/BrunoPolaski)
  
</p>

Commit message:

Additional running info added in README.md

README.md, after:

# Fit Network
An app that connects all the fitness world. User is able to post trainings and all his fitness routine with descriptions and images!

![training image](assets/images/image.png)

### Techs
This app was made using the below technologies:

![firestore](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firestore-red.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=white)
![Typescript](https://img.shields.io/badge/Typescript-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![react](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=white)
![Expo](https://img.shields.io/badge/expo-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=expo&logoColor=white)

### How to start
You can start the app by running:
```sh
npm run start

# or, if you want to emulate it

npm run android # android
npm run ios # iphone
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> If you have any trouble by running the app, it probably means that your firewall is
blocking the connection between the server and the physical device or that youre running in different wifi networks.
Therefore, you can bypass this with:
> ```sh
> npx expo start --tunnel
> ```

> [!WARNING]  
> This project actually uses Expo v52, be careful to use a version of the Expo app that is compatible.

#### Contributors
<a href="https://github.com/DouglasLiebl/fit_network/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=DouglasLiebl/fit_network" />
</a>
<p>
  
  [Douglas Liebl](github.com/DouglasLiebl) | [Bruno Polaski](github.com/BrunoPolaski)
  
</p>
